= tiny_mce_helper

+tiny_mce_helper+ adds helper methods for creating the TinyMCE initialization
script.

== Resources

API

* http://rdoc.info/github/pluginaweek/tiny_mce_helper/master/frames

Bugs

* http://pluginaweek.lighthouseapp.com/projects/13291-tiny_mce_helper

Development

* http://github.com/pluginaweek/tiny_mce_helper

Source

* git://github.com/pluginaweek/tiny_mce_helper.git

== Description

TinyMCE is a rich text editor written in Javascript.  This helper plugin helps
make it easier to validate your code and include the TinyMCE initialization
script.  It also provides various tasks for installing/updating TinyMCE.

=== Usage

=== Installing TinyMCE

To install TinyMCE, you can use the tiny_mce:install task.  This will download
the latest version (or one specified by you) from Sourceforge and extract it
into your application's public/javascripts folder.

For example, to install the latest version:

  $ rake tiny_mce:install
  (in /my/project)
  Downloading TinyMCE source...
  Extracting...
  Done!

To install a custom version:

  $ rake tiny_mce:install VERSION=3.2.2
  (in /my/project)
  Downloading TinyMCE source...
  Extracting...
  Done!

If tinymce already exists in your application's public/javascript folder, the
rake task will prompt you as to whether or not it should be overwritten:

  $ rake tiny_mce:install
  (in /my/project)
  TinyMCE already be installed in /my/project/config/../public/javascripts/tiny_mce. Overwrite? (y/n): y
  Downloading TinyMCE source...
  Extracting...
  Done!

=== Updating TinyMCE

If you have already installed TinyMCE and wish to update to the latest version,
you can run the tiny_mce:update task.  This will overwrite the current TinyMCE
installation and WILL NOT prompt you if the folder already exists.  For example,

  $ rake tiny_mce:update
  (in /my/project)
  Downloading TinyMCE source...
  Extracting...
  Done!

Like tiny_mce:install, you can also specify a custom version:

  $ rake tiny_mce:update VERSION=3.2.2
  (in /my/project)
  Downloading TinyMCE source...
  Extracting...
  Done!

=== Updating configuration options

In addition to installing the Javascript source, tiny_mce_helper is also able to
validate the options that are passed in to initialize TinyMCE.  Since these
options can change over time, a configuration file is generated based on
information from the TinyMCE wiki.  This configuration file contains a list of
all of the current possible options that can be specified.

For example, to create a new configuration file:

  $ rake tiny_mce:update VERSION=3.2.2
  (in /my/project)
  Downloading configuration options from TinyMCE Wiki...
  Done!

This will create config/tiny_mce_options.yml.  The content of the configuration
should look similar to:

  --- 
  - accessibility_focus
  - accessibility_warnings
  - add_form_submit_trigger
  - add_unload_trigger
  - apply_source_formatting
  - ask
  - auto_focus
  - auto_reset_designmode
  - auto_resize
  - browsers
  - button_tile_map
  - cleanup
  - cleanup_callback
  - cleanup_on_startup
  - cleanup_serializer
  ...

=== Uninstalling TinyMCE

Uninstalling TinyMCE will remove the javascript source and the configuration
options.  To invoke the installation, run the rake task tiny_mce:uninstall.

  $ rake tiny_mce:uninstall
  (in /my/project)

=== Creating TinyMCE script

To create the TinyMCE initialization script:

application.rhtml:
  <%=
    tiny_mce_init_script(
      :theme => 'advanced',
      :editor_selector => 'rich_text',
      :content_css => '/stylesheets/tiny_mce_content.css',
      :editor_css => '/stylesheets/tiny_mce_editor.css',
      :auto_reset_designmode => true
    )
  %>

will generate the following javascript:

  tinyMCE.init({
    'mode' : 'textareas',
    'theme' : 'advanced',
    'editor_selected' : 'rich_text',
    'content_css' : '/stylesheets/tiny_mce_content.css'
  });

To see additional initialization helpers, see the API for TinyMCEHelper

== Testing

Before you can run any tests, the following gem must be installed:
* plugin_test_helper[http://github.com/pluginaweek/plugin_test_helper]

To run against a specific version of Rails:

  rake test RAILS_FRAMEWORK_ROOT=/path/to/rails

Since the rake tasks for installing TinyMCE and updating the configuration
options are part of the unit tests, already-downloaded files are included with
the plugin.  If you want to perform a "live" test which actually downloads the
files off the Internet (rather than using the local versions), you must set
the LIVE environment variable to true.  For example,

  rake test LIVE=true

== Dependencies

* Rails 2.0 or later
* TinyMCE 3.2.2 or later
* hpricot[http://code.whytheluckystiff.net/hpricot]
* rubyzip[http://rubyzip.sourceforge.net]

== References

This plugin provides for the installation and utilization of TinyMCE in Ruby on
Rails applications. TinyMCE is a WYSIWYG HTML editing component  released under
the GNU Public License (GPL) by Moxiecode Systems (http://tinymce.moxiecode.com/).

This plugin was originally created by by Blake Watters <blake@near-time.com> and
later modified by Aaron Pfeifer.
